[EDGAR cackles]
Yes! I shall deign
to make you both mine!
That is a very bold
assertion for a stranger.
This human is truly terrifying!
Yeah. He's a nutjob!
He can't think we'd
go along with that!
[EDGAR]
You dare speak to me that way?
Enchanting!
I'm even more inclined
to make you mine now.
'Scuse me? You can't have them!
Just who do you think you are?
[EDGAR] You're speaking
to the Edgar Fromware.
And I am the son of the reigning
Lord of Horizon, my friend.
The lord's son.
[EDGAR]
Indeed.
Offering yourselves to me
will give you access to
unparalleled luxury.
Your request is denied!
We already have a master, so
just leave us alone, all right?
[EDGAR]
Hmm...
You have a simple
choice in the matter.
[EDGAR chuckles]
You can hand
them over willingly.
Or I'll just have
to take them by force.
Go ahead!
You can try to take them, but
I guarantee you will regret it!
[BOTH]
How sweet!
Very well, then. Fetch them!
[EDGAR gasps]
[grunts]
[groans]
Just how incompetent
can you fools be?
It's only one single foe!
It's just not normal.
He's so strong,
I don't understand it.
I would advise your
men to stand down!
You will never get your
hands on Sora and Runa!
[growls] Ha! Very impressive.
Perhaps another tactic would be
more effective to
get what I want.
[CIVILIAN 10C screams]
[gasping]
[gasps]
[EDGAR cackles]
How about this one?
If you don't hand
over the girls,
every single one of
these people will die!
Are you kidding me?
They're your own subjects!
[EDGAR]
Yes, exactly.
But all peasants are good
for is serving their master.
And this is how I desire
to be served at the moment.
Now, give me my goodies
and they will be spared.
[REIN grunts]
[REIN]
They're spread out too far.
Even if I tried, there's no way
I'd be able to save them all.
What do I do?
[RUNA] I think we
might be able to help.
None of these people
are aware that Runa and I
possess magical powers--
we can use them to help.
[REIN]
If they use their magic,
everyone will
learn they're fairies.
And then we'll be forced to
leave the city because of it.
They'd be heartbroken.
[REIN]
I can't do that.
I need to find another
way to protect them
and save the townspeople.
Huh?
[REIN]
The magic circles.
Fireball?
But, there was something
else there this time.
I wonder if it can help.
We're just gonna
have to find out.
Time's up.
Should my men begin
the executions now,
or have you finally
come to your senses?
[REIN]
It should be obvious.
There's absolutely no
way I'd let you hurt them,
or anybody else!
[gasps]
[BOTH gasp]
Here's a Fireball!
Multi-shot!
[GUARDS screaming]
[SORA]
Consecutive incantation!
[RUNA] The fairy skill
that allows the user
to cast a single spell multiple
times simultaneously.
[EDGAR gasps]
We're done here.
So leave before
I change my mind.
[grunts] You would threaten me?
You will soon
regret this choice,
for this act of defiance
shall not be forgotten!
[GUARD 10I]
Wait, Lord Edgar!
[GUARD 10J]
Don't leave us!
[sighs] I can't believe
that actually just worked.
Simply amazing.
We would like to
extend our deepest
and most heartfelt
gratitude, master!
You're the best ever!
[chuckles] Huh?
[CIVILIAN 10B]
Beast tamer,
what you did for us
was just incredible!
You sure taught that
arrogant jerk a lesson!
I was convinced we
were going to die.
But you saved us.
You're like the hero,
but likable!
Thanks, but honestly,
I don't know if I'd go that far.
I'm just glad that all
of you are safe now.
[ELDER 10A]
And you managed to do it
without giving up the girls.
They're so sweet.
I wouldn't have
been able to bear it!
Oh, that's so
kind of you to say.
Aw, hearing that kind of
stuff has got me blushing.
I must warn you though--
you need to leave this town.
Get out of Horizon and get
as far away as possible.
[BOTH]
Huh?
[REIN]
Uh?
[chuckles]
[RUNA]
Bam! Whozza, whozza, whozza!
Za-pow!
Boom!
All the bad guys
were blasted away
thanks to consecutive
incantation,
Rein's awesome new super skill!
[TANIA, KANANDE]
Ahh.
What's my new super skill?
I believe that we
have finally discovered
the capability you acquired
from contracting with us.
The bond that we now
share has given you
advanced control of fairy magic!
So you think that's
what happened?
I mean, that would
definitely make sense.
The power of those fireballs
was stronger than before
and my aim definitely
got better, too.
It would appear that
our contract has
given you better control
over the incredible powers
afforded to you by
your pact with Tania!
Which means your magic potential
has expanded significantly!
In case everybody
didn't hear that,
Sora and I are officially
excellent familiars now.
Just like Tania and Kanade!
You two always have been!
You're right about that.
I'm so grateful that
everyone's all right.
It's embarrassing.
We were both asleep.
We should have been there to
help protect you guys.
[KANADE yells]
I swear, that rotten little rat
is gonna pay big time if I
ever get my claws on him!
The townspeople are
all terrified of him,
and from what they tell
me he's pure evil.
He kidnaps women
and locks them up
in his mansion,
only to torture them.
What kind of monster
does things like that?
And he just gets away with it.
I don't understand
how that's possible.
Why hasn't anyone
done anything about it?
Because Edgar happens to
be the town lord's only son.
So then he uses
his power and money
to silence anyone who
dares to speak out.
[TANIA grunts]
Surely the Order of
Knights already know this.
Why haven't they
both been arrested?
The knights investigated
Edgar and his father,
but they couldn't find
any real evidence,
and no one would talk,
so it went nowhere!
It's quite chilling.
Abusing their power and
influence in such a way.
That settles it then.
I'm gonna burn that
mansion to the ground
with him still in it.
Wait, hold on a sec!
You can't just rush in
there, fireballs blazing!
Why's that?
I'm not going to
let that scumbag
come after Sora and Runa again!
Tania.
[TANIA]
Enough is enough!
They've already hurt so many!
[REIN]
I agree.
He's dangerous, though,
so we need to think about this.
What, then?
[REIN]
The darkness in this city...
It's awful.
I want to save these people.
I do, but...
Who am I?
[REIN]
I'm not a hero or a champion.
I'm just a beast tamer.
Get out of Horizon.
[REIN]
Maybe we should...
[KANADE] I can tell
you're thinking of leaving.
I mean, we could.
But you know if we run away,
we won't be able to help
all those nice people.
Did I get it?
Bet I did.
How did you know that?
[TANIA]
We know how you think,
and exactly what
kind of person you are.
Always wanting to save everyone.
So you're torn right now,
because you want to
help the townspeople,
but you don't want to
risk endangering us.
It's that obvious?
[SORA]
I find it remarkable that
you can handle
such heavy burdens.
But that is simply part
of your nature, Rein.
And your nature is what drew
us to you in the first place!
[REIN]
But, you guys.
It's definitely rubbed
off on all of us!
Because we wanna
protect this city
from lousy creeps
like that, too!
She's right. I'm actually kinda
starting to like humans now.
Although I still get extremely
nervous around humans.
I do feel genuine affection for
the ones living in this city.
Me, too! Everyone's super nice,
plus they've got
those tasty hot dogs!
You guys are the best.
If that's really the case,
then I'm all in for it.
Let's save this city!
[GROUP]
Yeah!
[EDGAR'S FATHER]
All right then, Edgar.
Sounds like everything's
under control,
but if any problems arise...
Of course, Father, but I've
got it handled this time.
[EDGAR growls]
Gilet, it's handled, right?
Yes.
No one has filed a complaint
yet, but if someone does,
they will be dealt with
just like others were.
[EDGAR] And I'd like you
to find out everything you can
about that vagrant Rein.
If you can locate him,
even better.
[EDGAR]
For your trouble.
If you manage to bring
him to me, I'll double it.
Your wish is my command.
[chuckles] Nobody
humiliates me like that.
[EDGAR] He will pay
for his transgression!
[NINA]
Y-You called, sir.
Um.
How can I be of service
to you, master--
[EDGAR]
You're late!
When the bell rings,
you're supposed to come
here immediately!
[NINA] But, sir.
I came fast as I could--
Shut your mouth!
You should know better than to
talk to me like that, you hear?
[EDGAR grunts]
[NINA cries]
Scream for me! Your screams
give me so much joy!
[NINA]
Someone...
[cackles]
[NINA]
Someone please help me!
[KANADE meows]
So this is the Order of Knights.
I haven't done anything wrong,
but I still kinda feel nervous.
Uh, are you sure we don't need
back up for this, Rein?
Runa and Sora are a bit
conspicuous right now.
It's best that they stay out
of sight with Tania.
Let's go.
Excuse me. If I file
an official complaint,
you guys will investigate
the issue, right?
Of course.
The Order of Knights
was founded to uphold
and enforce the
laws of the king.
[REIN]
I'd like to report an assault.
Committed by none other than the
Lord of Horizon's son, Edgar.
[RECEPTIONIST 10A gasps]
[REIN] You're supposed to carry
out the law indiscriminately,
so his standing
shouldn't matter.
Well, you see, sir.
[KNIGHT 10A]
Already investigated.
It was just a
minor scuffle is all.
No need for the knights
to expend more time
on such a trivial
matter as that.
A trivial matter?
That Edgar creep tried to kidnap
my friends Sora and Runa--
You're telling me
you want us to slander
the good name of Lord Edgar
and risk being
executed for treason?
Did somebody have a little
too much catnip today?
Now it all makes sense.
[REIN] Their behavior
made it clear to me.
The knights are
on Edgar's payroll.
Yeah?
And that's why he's never
been charged with anything.
The Order of Knights is actively
covering up his crimes.
They made a deal with the devil.
That's awful. Hm?
Who's there?
[KANADE]
You're a knight?
And you followed us?
No! I mean, yes.
Listen, I know this
looks bad, but it's urgent.
There's something I
need to discuss with you.
[REIN, KANADE gasp]
It's important.
And I couldn't do it
back at the headquarters.
Forgive me! I didn't intend
to scare either of you.
Uh, what is this about?
[REIN] Why the need for all
the cloak and dagger stuff?
It's fine. I promise.
And you really don't have
to bow to us like that.
[STELLA]
Very well. Thank you.
I am Vice Captain
Stella Enplace.
And I am with the Horizon branch
of the Order of Knights, sir.
Vice captain? Well, uh, my
name is Rein Shroud, ma'am.
I'm Kanade!
[STELLA]
Rein and Kanade. It's you.
I can't believe it.
[KANADE]
Huh?
I would like to
express my gratitude.
[REIN]
Uh? For what?
[STELLA] You're the
adventurer and cat spirit girl
that dispatched the
dangerous bandits
known as the Ebon Fangs.
Word of your courageous
actions traveled quickly.
Your bravery struck a chord.
I have a sworn duty to protect
the people of this town.
And I have failed them.
Because I have yet to
punish the lord and his son
for their many crimes
against this city!
I was hoping that you two might
help me rectify that mistake.
[gasps]
[STELLA] The lord has
corrupted most of the knights
under my command. They've
forsaken their knighthood.
They're not only covering up the
crimes of the lord and his son.
They're neglecting
the townspeople
they swore to protect.
Our leader, Captain Gilet,
is no exception.
I had wanted to
re-establish the integrity
of the Order of Knights.
But I couldn't muster
up the courage.
Till I saw you.
[BOTH gasp]
[STELLA] The adventurer
and the ultimate species
who ended the Ebon Fangs,
filing a complaint
against the lord's son.
It made me remember
the way I used to feel
in the beginning.
I'm ashamed to admit this,
but I have become
cynical after spending
so much time in this dark city.
I need your help.
Please, I'm begging you!
What do you think, Kanade?
[REIN] Can we trust her?
What if it's some sort of trap?
I believe her heart's true.
I can tell Stella's
a good person!
She just wants to
help the townspeople!
[gasps] Right.
Well, you are a pretty
good judge of character.
You want help?
We've got your back.
[STELLA gasps]
You're serious?
[REIN] Yeah. We both
want the same thing.
I think teaming up
is a great idea.
There's something I've
been wondering about.
Why'd you decide to go after
the lord in the first place?
To put it simply,
we don't like bad guys,
and he's a really bad guy.
Huh? Wait, that's
all it was about?
Yeah, I mean.
Is that weird or something?
[gasps, laughs]
Did I say something funny?
[STELLA] I'm so sorry.
I shouldn't be laughing at this.
It's just that it came out of
you so matter-of-factly.
I find your honesty
quite disarming.
And very inspiring.
If I were more like you,
I could've stopped all this.
[KANADE grunts]
[STELLA cries]
[REIN]
You can stop this.
[STELLA]
Rein.
Yeah. We will.
Purr-fect!
We're gonna go teach that lord
and the Order of Knights
a lesson, guys! Let's go!
[STELLA]
Let's slow down.
We can't do anything
without proof.
We don't want to get
accused of treason!
Of treason?
She's right. And maybe...
...we can find a way to take
them all down in one fell swoop.
[KANADE, STELLA]
Huh?
[REIN] We gotta catch
'em all with their hands
in the cookie jar.
Wait, what cookie jar?
I'm so lost now.
We just need a trap.
[inaudible]
[STELLA]
Amazing.
It's all going exactly
the way you'd predicted!
Yea. We've got this.
Those clowns aren't
gonna know what hit 'em!
Do not speak with
such confidence--
so many things could
still go wrong!
[REIN]
All right. It's now or never.
[GILET] We've heard
a rumor that a warehouse
on the outskirts of
the city contains proof
of our dealings with the lord.
Ridiculous.
This is a very
sensitive situation.
[GILET] But if this is true and
the proof were to become public,
it would be the end of
both Lord Edgar, and us.
We must deal with it
swiftly and quietly
before those naïve
fools in our ranks
that still believe in justice
and chivalry discover it.
[KNIGHT 10A]
Sir! We're good to go!
I want to make
this perfectly clear.
You're to silence any and all
witnesses you encounter.
[KNIGHTS]
Yes, sir!
Hey, we need some light.
Sir!
[KNIGHT 10B groans]
An ambush!
Everybody get out of here!
[KNIGHT 10B]
The door's locked!
[KNIGHT 10C]
And freezing!
We're trapped!
You cannot run from your fate.
It's time for you
to face the music!
[KNIGHTS scream]
Incredible! Its
accuracy is perfect.
Originally, it was a tool
invented to snare animals.
[REIN] But now it's
my weapon of choice.
[GANTZ]
Hm. The dagger still needs a bit
more work before it's ready,
but that will give you time
to master this gauntlet.
For restoring my honor
and pride as a blacksmith,
I bestow this gift
upon you, friend.
I truly hope it meets
your expectations.
[REIN]
It exceeds them.
Thank you so much.
[REIN]
Now say good night!
[GILET grunts]
I don't think so!
[BOTH gasp]
[GILET]
Who's up there?
Is that Stella Enplace?
You're done, Gilet Stregar.
Surrender peacefully!
My allies are taking back
headquarters as we speak,
and they have proof
of your corruption!
Your twisted game's over!
Well, if that's
what you believe.
Then you're in for
a rude awakening!
I couldn't have done this
without you, Rein.
But I'd like to end this myself.
[GILET]
Uh? Rein? What a coincidence.
Looks like my lucky day!
Lord Edgar is going to be so
thrilled once I hand you over,
he might even give
me another promotion!
[STELLA grunts] You have to
let me finish this on my own.
Of course.
Gilet's mine.
You think you can beat me alone?
You're even dumber
than I thought, girl.
You have forsaken your duty
to the people as a knight,
now repent!
Atone for your sins and
fight on the side of justice!
Gilet Stregar!
[GILET]
Oh, please!
Quit your silly
babbling, little girl!
[STELLA groans]
Stella!
[STELLA grunts]
I'm all right!
Here's a secret, so listen.
Justice is a fairy tale that
doesn't exist in this world!
Yes, it does.
It's our duty to fight for it!
[STELLA] grunts
Why don't I show you?!
It'll be your funeral!
You and I are not the same.
[GILET groans]
[STELLA panting]
This was your doing!
You completely lost
sight of yourself!
Your greed had made you blind!
[STELLA crying]
[EDGAR]
You're kidding me!
Gilet and the
others were arrested
and now that self-righteous,
goody-two-shoes
is captain of the
Order of Knights?
Damn it! She's always
tried to make my life hell.
But now she actually has power!
Whatever I did,
I'm so sorry, my lord.
[EDGAR] It's fine,
I don't have to worry.
I have a whole army
of personal guards
and she just has a
mere handful of knights.
[ARIOS]
Your guards can't protect you.
[EDGAR gasps]
Who are you?
Stay back!
[ARIOS]
I come in peace, friend.
You and I have a common enemy.
You are familiar with
Rein Shroud, aren't you?
Rein Shroud?
Are you trying to tell me that
he's behind all this nonsense?
[ARIOS]
Indeed.
Rein is a beast tamer
who's managed to tame
ultimate species.
You don't stand a
chance against him.
Ultimate?
[ARIOS] He's gonna
try to take everything
you value in this world.
Your title and all your lands.
Your women and your money.
All of it will be gone.
Everything!
And he actually has the
power to do it. Trust me.
Impossible! He's an
insignificant beast tamer!
I will crush him like a bug!
What is this?
[ARIOS]
That's a gift, my friend.
A magic item that
brings death to whomever
it happens to target.
Use it to finish off
Rein at your leisure.
[cackles]
[ARIOS]
The ring feeds off wickedness.
His dark soul is going to make
it even more formidable.
Go forth and kill Rein!
[KANADE]
Next Time: "Black Waves."